So I'm writing these notes mainly as a guide to how I built this project but it's also a bit of a confession as I'm not a geospacial coding expert.

The purpose of the app was an interview test for a junior coding position.  It came as a surprise and I was grateful for the opportunity but given
the state of the economy and how hard it is to land a decent job these days, I figured I didn't have a lot of time to get this done without missing the window.

Now lets get the elephant out of the room.  As mentinoed I'm no expert a geospacial app coding but I'm not an idiot either so I did the smart thing.  I used my resources...

What does that mean?  Well today in 2025 it means something different than it meant 2 years ago just as much as it meant something different 2 decades ago which might as 
well have been 2 centuries ago. So after whiteboarding the project and spending close to 30 hours of non-stop reading and researching the use of recommended api,  
I enlisted some help from ai.

Now a year ago, if a job interviewer asked me if I used ai in my work, I sheepishly replied yes and admitted to it coming in handy about 20% of the time which may have even been an 
exaggeration but I felt like I was admitting to cheating in a sense however it was expected.  It took me a while to realize this wasn't the case.  In another interview scenario 
when I was specifically tasked with using AI to solve a problem I realized I was being gaugeed on my proficiency with using it and how I formulated my queries.  That's when it made sense
that the interviewers were weeding out those who were not adept at using ai as a resource just as if they didn't know how to google something.  Now I confidently admit that I'm using it 
at least 50/50 because it can and it has saved me countless hours.

The task is not using it, the task is now using it responsibly.  Yes it can do a lot but there are some issues.  First, you can't let it do everything without ending up loosing some skills.  
For example and I hate to date myself but prior to cell phones, I could remember the  phone number of a hundred differnt people regardless of how often or not I called them... Today I'm lucky
if I can remember a dozen because I store them once and never dial them again.  Next, it is only doing what you ask of it - it doesn't read into your intentions or desires so what you get back
is relative.  The more complex the request, the more likely it won't be perfect.

Anyway, yes I enlisted the help of ai but not to do the job for me but to help, in a similar way that all those searches I read up on  regarding the ovpass api and QGIS, openstreetmap and reverse geocoding.
I used all the resources at my disposal to get the job done as I would have any other way.  Again and I stress, AI didn't write this all but I used it for checking and cleaning up.  I won't lie, After I finished,
I did ask it to write a code for this and guess what, it did but it was pretty bad and didn't work the way I wwanted it to.  Any time I pointed out a mistake or something wrong, it just said your right and tried something else
and by the end, it wasn't even close to where it started nor where it needed to be... at least for this project.

So there it is and I'm thankful for it and I'm also thankful that it's not the only tool we have because without the actual api documentation and wiki pages - I'd still be working on this.

It's been over a week since I submitted this so just for reference, I've decided to publish my whiteboarding work and the examples of the code documentation that helped save me.  Use it if you need it.
